---
title: "Planned Strike"
categories:
  - CX.2
  - C2
  - C2.2
  - Mid Term
tags:
  - Mid Term
  - Strike
---

**Planned Strike**

The best way to recover from a communications crisis is having a plan before one occurs.

**1.** Always be forthright and transparent. Make sure the team understands how to be forthright and why it's important — even if it's a little painful along the way.

**2.** Use the ABCs of emergency communication management. Many organizations operate as if they will never face a reputation challenge and are ill-prepared to react when it happens. Remember the ABCs of emergency communication management: Assemble a team. Build a plan. Create a toolkit. Then schedule regular drills to test your organization.

**3.** Have resources readily available. A PR crisis can occur during the workday or in the middle of the night, so make sure everyone who is involved with the response is accessible and can be reached in a timely manner. Will communications occur via phone or email? Does everyone know the hierarchy, who is responsible for what and how quickly they need to report back? A plan that can be implemented from anywhere is vital.

**4.** Focus more on 'who' than 'what.' It's impossible to focus on what to do in every possible scenario, but you can focus on "who." Who needs to be informed, who will make key decisions and who is on point to share key information and communicate action plans, updates and next steps? Also, be sure you know how you will reach each person; have up-to-date contact info for everyone.
