---
title: "Innovation on QM"
categories:
  - CX.4
  - C1
  - C1.4
  - Long Term
tags:
  - Long Term
  - Innovation
---

**Innovation on QM**

Quality management change and innovation are central strategies for firms. It has long been recognised that innovation in processes is necessary when a company wants to increase productivity, implying a potential link between innovation and quality management.
Here are six steps that will help in improving an quality management at your company:

1. **Analyze processes** -  Focus not on the people who do the work, but the tasks they perform. Standardize policies and procedures in the company to maximize efficiency. Train all staff appropriately so that they can produce high-quality products and take pride in their work.

2. **Align business processes with other companies in the sector** -  Find out how other competing companies organize and perform certain jobs to possibly integrate this and therefore lead to improvement. All information is important as it can result in time and money savings, as well as good ideas for improvement.

3. **Develop performance measures** -  Benchmark current processes to identify problems, predict future outcomes and measure productivity gains through key performance indicators for the industry.

4. Build quality tests in processes - Experiment during the process and not just at the end, when it becomes more expensive to repair. If possible, implement automated tests that can be performed without human intervention, which result in easy to interpret, modify or correct and approve or disapprove processes.

5. **Use business strategies to improve productivity and quality management** -  Determine the root cause of problems and be ready to perform design interventions to improve or optimize processes. Control production so that defects will be corrected immediately at the beginning before they affect your final product.

6. **Pay attention to feedback**  - Measure the productivity and quality management gains related to customer satisfaction increases. Collect feedback from employees, customers, suppliers and business partners to know their opinion about products or services. Use customer feedback to improve current products and influence the design of new ones.
